README.md, before:

# Flutter Polls

Customizable Polls for Flutter.
Simple, easy to use and highly customizable.

<img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/MtsvCKIWV2HJUkClHW/giphy.gif" alt="flutter_polls" width="400" vspace="50" style="justify-content: start; align-items: start; display: flex;">

[Flutter Polls on pub.dev](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_polls)

## Getting Started

In the `pubspec.yaml` of your flutter project, add the following dependency:

```yaml
dependencies:
  ...
  flutter_polls: ^0.1.1
```

Import it:

```dart
import 'package:flutter_polls/flutter_polls.dart';
```

## Example

Check out the example project in the `example` directory here: [example on github](https://github.com/thenifemi/flutter_polls/tree/main/example)

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/thenifemi/flutter_polls/main/example/example.png" alt="flutter_polls" width="400" vspace="50"/>

```dart
FlutterPolls(
    pollId: '1',
    onVoted: (PollOption pollOption, int newTotalVotes) {
      print('Voted: ${pollOption.id}');
    },
    pollOptionsSplashColor: Colors.white(),
    votedProgressColor: Colors.greyDark().withOpacity(0.3),
    votedBackgroundColor: Colors.grey().withOpacity(0.2),
    votesTextStyle: themeData.textTheme.subtitle1,
    votedPercentageTextStyle:
        themeData.textTheme.headline4?.copyWith(
    color: Colors.black(),
    ),
    votedCheckmark: Icon(
        Icons.circle_check,
        color: AppColors.black(),
        height: 18,
        width: 18,
    ),
    pollTitle: Align(
    alignment: Alignment.centerLeft,
    child: AutoSizeText(
        poll['title'],
        style: TextStyle(
            fontSize: 20,
        ),
    ),
    pollOptions: poll['options'].map(
    (option) {
        return PollOption(
        id: option['id'],
        title: AutoSizeText(
            option['title'],
            style: tTextStyle(
            fontSize: 20,
        ),
        ),
        votes: option['votes'],
        );
    },
    ).toList(),
    metaWidget: Row(
    children: [
        const SizedBox(width: 6),
        AutoSizeText(
        '•',
        style: TextStyle(
            fontSize: 20,
        ),
        ),
        const SizedBox(
        width: 6,
        ),
        AutoSizeText(
        '2 weeks left',
        style: TextStyle(
            fontSize: 20,
        ),
        ),
    ],
    ),
),
```

## Parameters

| Parameter                    | Type                                                    | Description                                                                                         |
| ---------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| pollId                       | String                                                  | The poll id.                                                                                        |
| hasVoted                     | bool                                                    | Whether the user has voted.                                                                         |
| userVotedOptionId            | int                                                     | The user voted option id. If the user hasn't voted, this will be null.                              |
| onVoted                      | void Function(PollOption pollOption, int newTotalVotes) | The callback when the user voted.                                                                   |
| pollTitle                    | Widget                                                  | The poll title. Can be any widget.                                                                  |
| pollOptions                  | List<dynamic>                                           | The poll options. Each item is a map with the following keys: id, title, votes.                     |
| heightBetweenTitleAndOptions | double                                                  | The height between the poll title and the poll options.                                             |
| heightBetweenOptions         | double                                                  | The height between the poll options.                                                                |
| votesText                    | String                                                  | Votes text. Can be "Votes", "Votos", "Ibo" or whatever language. If not specified, "Votes" is used. |
| votesTextStyle               | TextStyle                                               | The style of the votes text.                                                                        |
| metaWidget                   | Widget                                                  | The meta widget. Can be any widget.                                                                 |
| createdBy                    | String                                                  | The poll creator.                                                                                   |
| userToVote                   | String                                                  | The user to vote.                                                                                   |
| pollStartDate                | DateTime                                                | The poll start date.                                                                                |
| pollEnded                    | bool                                                    | If the poll is closed.                                                                              |
| pollOptionsHeight            | double                                                  | The poll options height.                                                                            |
| pollOptionsWidth             | double                                                  | The poll options width.                                                                             |
| pollOptionsBorderRadius      | BorderRadius                                            | The poll options border radius.                                                                     |
| pollOptionsBorder            | BoxBorder                                               | The poll options border.                                                                            |
| pollOptionsFillColor         | Color                                                   | The poll options fill color.                                                                        |
| pollOptionsSplashColor       | Color                                                   | The poll options splash color.                                                                      |
| votedPollOptionsRadius       | Radius                                                  | The voted poll options border radius.                                                               |
| votedBackgroundColor         | Color                                                   | The voted poll options background color.                                                            |
| votedProgressColor           | Color                                                   | The voted poll options progress color.                                                              |
| votedCheckmark               | Widget                                                  | The voted poll options checkmark.                                                                   |
| votedPercentageTextStyle     | TextStyle                                               | The voted poll options percentage text style.                                                       |
| votedAnimationDuration       | int                                                     | The voted poll options animation duration.                                                          |
| loadingWidget                | Widget                                                  | The loading widget when a user votes. Can be any widget.                                            |

Commit message:

couple fixes to color and code, added new param to docs in readme

README.md, after:

# Flutter Polls

Customizable Polls for Flutter.
Simple, easy to use and highly customizable.

<img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/MtsvCKIWV2HJUkClHW/giphy.gif" alt="flutter_polls" width="400" vspace="50" style="justify-content: start; align-items: start; display: flex;">

[Flutter Polls on pub.dev](https://pub.dev/packages/flutter_polls)

## Getting Started

In the `pubspec.yaml` of your flutter project, add the following dependency:

```yaml
dependencies:
  ...
  flutter_polls: ^0.1.1
```

Import it:

```dart
import 'package:flutter_polls/flutter_polls.dart';
```

## Example

Check out the example project in the `example` directory here: [example on github](https://github.com/thenifemi/flutter_polls/tree/main/example)

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/thenifemi/flutter_polls/main/example/example.png" alt="flutter_polls" width="400" vspace="50"/>

```dart
FlutterPolls(
    pollId: '1',
    onVoted: (PollOption pollOption, int newTotalVotes) {
      print('Voted: ${pollOption.id}');
    },
    pollOptionsSplashColor: Colors.white(),
    votedProgressColor: Colors.greyDark().withOpacity(0.3),
    votedBackgroundColor: Colors.grey().withOpacity(0.2),
    votesTextStyle: themeData.textTheme.subtitle1,
    votedPercentageTextStyle:
        themeData.textTheme.headline4?.copyWith(
    color: Colors.black(),
    ),
    votedCheckmark: Icon(
        Icons.circle_check,
        color: AppColors.black(),
        height: 18,
        width: 18,
    ),
    pollTitle: Align(
    alignment: Alignment.centerLeft,
    child: AutoSizeText(
        poll['title'],
        style: TextStyle(
            fontSize: 20,
        ),
    ),
    pollOptions: poll['options'].map(
    (option) {
        return PollOption(
        id: option['id'],
        title: AutoSizeText(
            option['title'],
            style: tTextStyle(
            fontSize: 20,
        ),
        ),
        votes: option['votes'],
        );
    },
    ).toList(),
    metaWidget: Row(
    children: [
        const SizedBox(width: 6),
        AutoSizeText(
        '•',
        style: TextStyle(
            fontSize: 20,
        ),
        ),
        const SizedBox(
        width: 6,
        ),
        AutoSizeText(
        '2 weeks left',
        style: TextStyle(
            fontSize: 20,
        ),
        ),
    ],
    ),
),
```

## Parameters

| Parameter                    | Type                                                    | Description                                                                                         |
| ---------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| pollId                       | String                                                  | The poll id.                                                                                        |
| hasVoted                     | bool                                                    | Whether the user has voted.                                                                         |
| userVotedOptionId            | int                                                     | The user voted option id. If the user hasn't voted, this will be null.                              |
| onVoted                      | void Function(PollOption pollOption, int newTotalVotes) | The callback when the user voted.                                                                   |
| pollTitle                    | Widget                                                  | The poll title. Can be any widget.                                                                  |
| pollOptions                  | List<dynamic>                                           | The poll options. Each item is a map with the following keys: id, title, votes.                     |
| heightBetweenTitleAndOptions | double                                                  | The height between the poll title and the poll options.                                             |
| heightBetweenOptions         | double                                                  | The height between the poll options.                                                                |
| votesText                    | String                                                  | Votes text. Can be "Votes", "Votos", "Ibo" or whatever language. If not specified, "Votes" is used. |
| votesTextStyle               | TextStyle                                               | The style of the votes text.                                                                        |
| metaWidget                   | Widget                                                  | The meta widget. Can be any widget.                                                                 |
| createdBy                    | String                                                  | The poll creator.                                                                                   |
| userToVote                   | String                                                  | The user to vote.                                                                                   |
| pollStartDate                | DateTime                                                | The poll start date.                                                                                |
| pollEnded                    | bool                                                    | If the poll is closed.                                                                              |
| pollOptionsHeight            | double                                                  | The poll options height.                                                                            |
| pollOptionsWidth             | double                                                  | The poll options width.                                                                             |
| pollOptionsBorderRadius      | BorderRadius                                            | The poll options border radius.                                                                     |
| pollOptionsBorder            | BoxBorder                                               | The poll options border.                                                                            |
| pollOptionsFillColor         | Color                                                   | The poll options fill color.                                                                        |
| pollOptionsSplashColor       | Color                                                   | The poll options splash color.                                                                      |
| votedPollOptionsRadius       | Radius                                                  | The voted poll options border radius.                                                               |
| votedBackgroundColor         | Color                                                   | The voted poll options background color.                                                            |
| votedProgressColor           | Color                                                   | The voted poll options progress color.                                                              |
| votedIdColor                 | Color                                                   | The voted poll options background color when user has voted and its still in progress.              |
| votedCheckmark               | Widget                                                  | The voted poll options checkmark.                                                                   |
| votedPercentageTextStyle     | TextStyle                                               | The voted poll options percentage text style.                                                       |
| votedAnimationDuration       | int                                                     | The voted poll options animation duration.                                                          |
| loadingWidget                | Widget                                                  | The loading widget when a user votes. Can be any widget.                                            |
